Update content cli deploy less (#8834)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/config-guide/cli/config-cli-subcommands-less-sass.md

bin/magento dev:source-theme:deploy [--type="..."] [--locale="..."] [--area="..."] [--theme="..."] [file1] ... [fileN]
```

{:.bs-callout-info}

> This command create symlinks LESS files into `var/view_preprocessed` and `pub/static` folders during development. This process will not compile less files to css files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command creates symlinks for LESS files in `var/view_preprocessed` and `pub/static` folders during development. This process will not compile LESS files to CSS files.
```

Reviewer: Please also add a link the 2.3 version of the file in the PR description
